Cmos 129 k8s deploy tutorial (#2)
princerachit/observability: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/tutorial-kubernetes.adoc

> = CMOS Kubernetes Deployment

Reviewer: Let us rename the page name to reference to "Kubernetes Deployment"

[abstract]

> A simple working example from scratch in kubernetes cluster with the https://docs.couchbase.com/operator/current/overview.html[Couchbase Autonomous Operator (CAO)^] deploying Couchbase Server then being monitored by CMOS.

Reviewer: Get rid of this. We don't have to mention this being a simple example etc.

include::partial$tutorial.adoc[]

== Overview

> CMOS is a simple, out-of-the-box solution based on industry standard tooling to observe the state of your Couchbase cluster.

Reviewer: Add a back link to architecture page

Reviewer: Second para:
CMOS can be deployed to monitor the CB clusters deployed via Couchbase Autonomous Operator.

> == Deploy CMOS

Reviewer: Deployment

> 

Reviewer: CMOS is deployed on Kubernetes platform using a standard set of resources like Deployment, services etc. Following sections describe how to deploy these standard objects.

=== kube-state-metrics

> A prerequisite to configuring CMOS is to install kube-state-metrics. This can be done via helm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A prerequisite to configuring CMOS is to install kube-state-metrics. If not already installed you can install it using the following commands.
```

[source,console]
----
$ helm repo add prometheus-community https://prometheus-community.github.io/helm-charts
$ helm repo update
$ helm upgrade --install kube-state-metrics prometheus-community/kube-state-metrics
----

=== Prometheus

> We provide Prometheus configuration via a Kubernetes `ConfigMap` which contains all the details for credentials, scrape targets, etc.

Reviewer: Let us change the config map name to `prometheus-config-cmos`, in this way we can avoid saying that delete the configmap.

[NOTE]
====

> Before creating a new config, first delete the existing configmap `prometheus-config` if exists. 

Reviewer: Get rid of this.
